is summer break over already I know I
know not exactly fun to think about but
a new school year means a brand new
start right this could be your year
especially if you're starting junior
high or high school so make sure to
start your first day off right by doing
some prep the day and night before first
and foremost get plenty of rest and a
good night's sleep hopefully you've
already started to try and get back into
the school wakeup routine going to bed
at a decent time and getting up early so
that your body is used to it I hate
waking up early too but if you get into
your routine early on waking up for
school on your first day won't be so
hard if you're having trouble sleeping
and can't stop thinking about what the
morning will bring just remember that
everyone else is just as nervous or
excited as you are you might feel like
the only one with these worries but
trust me everyone is thinking the same
things
what will this grade be like will the
teachers be tough where will I sit at
lunch well my friends be the same these
are all normal thoughts just try to
relax and remember that you're not alone
while we're talking about wakeup times
make sure that you're up early enough to
allow time for the things you need to do
so you won't feel so rushed feeling
rushed is stressful and it could make
you forget something important make time
to shower and get ready at a comfortable
pace so that you can feel confident also
make time for breakfast maybe even plan
which are going to eat for breakfast the
night before and set it out in the
kitchen if you can you'll need that
brain food a calm and leisurely
breakfast will also give you time to
think and get mentally prepared if you
plan on packing your lunch do this the
night before as well so you don't have
to worry about it in the morning eat
healthy in general for breakfast and
lunch eating a healthy meal before and
during school will really make a
difference in how your day goes if you
have a full stomach you will be sluggish
and you'll be able to pay better
attention in class don't skip on lunch
it has to carry you through the rest of
des make it healthy and filling
especially if you're going to be in any
after-school activities or sports or
band haha those were the days a good tip
for the day before the first day of
school is to do a light workout you'll
work off some stress and sleep better
eat a good dinner but don't overdo it
avoid sodas or any drinks with caffeine
so that you don't have trouble falling
asleep also decide what you're going to
wear the night before and hang it up
together or lay it out think of the
perfect back-to-school outfit what's
your style and what makes you feel the
most confident and the most you feeling
like yourself and feeling confident are
super important for your first day and
it'll set the tone for the rest of your
year if you feel confident the stress of
going back to school should melt away
and you'll feel like you can take on
anything hopefully you've been able to
do some back-to-school shopping pro tip
if you can get a new haircut before the
first day of school
a new hairstyle will make you feel extra
polished for your first day it could be
a good conversation starter and hey
you'll probably get tons of compliments
too to vote a good part of the day
before to getting organized did you get
a supply list from your school if so do
you have everything you need
get your folders and notebooks for each
class organized with any initial guides
or paperwork your teachers may have sent
you where you send a class schedule if
so make sure you know it backwards and
forwards before the first day of school
have plenty of pens highlighters those
number-two pencils and an efficient way
to store and carry them it may not sound
super fun but if you're organized and
know your class schedule it'll help you
feel more relaxed and prepared for the
first day of school and things will go
smoother in the morning you should be
able to just grab your backpack or
school bag and go pro tip number two
another great thing to stock up on and
keeping your school bag is gum and mints
you never want to feel like you might
have stinky breath in the morning or
after lunch while talking to someone
having these secret weapons should make
you feel confident too you'll always
have fresh breath and it's a great way
to start a conversation with someone new
just offer them a mint or a piece of gum
this one may seem obvious but you might
not be thinking about it be ready to
talk about your summer did you take any
trips or have any good stories
think about it during the nights and
days leading up to the first day of
school I mean everyone will be asking
you about your summer both students and
teachers come prepared to talk about it
plus asking that how was your summer
question is a great icebreaker if it's
possible it's a great idea to go to your
school before your first day and do a
walk-through try to set up your
walkthrough as close to the first day of
school as possible you may even be able
to find your locker if you can write
down the combination and practice it a
few times find all your classrooms and
think about the best route to each one
from your locker everything might look a
little different when the hallways are
packed full of other students but don't
panic everyone else will be navigating
to their classes for the first time to
better yet do your walkthrough with a
friend that you know you have a class in
common with speaking of friends are you
walking to school driving or riding the
bus if you're driving see if you and
some friends can arrange the carpool and
decide on pickup times and meeting
places if you're walking to school walk
with some friends who live nearby
if you ride the bus sit with your
friends make some calls a day or two
before the first day of school and make
these arrangements you'll feel much more
relaxed if you're with some friendly and
familiar faces while getting to school
getting dropped off by a parent arranged
to meet your friends at a specific time
outside of the school building friends
will give you a sense of support and
familiarity you're all in this together
and if possible our reach to sit with
your friends at lunch this way you can
avoid the awkwardness and anxiety of
looking or
and finding a place to sit everything is
better with friends it might be super
boring but fill out any paperwork that's
required for the first day of school the
night before your school may have sent
you medical forms permission slips
waivers or other similar paperwork fill
it out the night before and put it in
your backpack so that you know you have
it
paperwork is the last thing you want to
worry about the morning of your first
day and of course don't forget to set
your alarm the night before your first
day whether you use your phone as your
alarm or you have an alarm clock sitting
on your nightstand make sure the alarm
is on set and ready to go it could be
easy to forget with all the other things
on your mind but you don't want to be
running late especially for your first
day most of all the night before your
first day of school try to relax
watch your favorite funny TV show or
movie read a good book take deep breaths
the keys to a successful school year are
keeping yourself organized healthy
rested and confident study hard and make
grades a priority but don't forget to
have fun these are supposed to be the
best years of your life right good luck
and have a great year how about you are
there any back-to-school tips that I
didn't mention here that you use how do
you feel about the upcoming school year
let me know in the comments down below
if you found this video helpful give it
a like and share it with a friend but
hey don't go racing off to give your
teacher an apple just yet though that's
a really good idea
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out just click on the left or
right video stay on the bright side of
life